"What do they sing at a snowman’s birthday party?":  "Freeze a jolly good fellow."
"What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?":"Frostbite.",
"What do you call a snowman in the summer?":"A puddle.",
"What do snowmen wear on their heads?":"Ice caps.",
"What do you get when you cross a snowman with a baker?":"Frosty the Dough-man.",
"Why did the snowman go to the middle of the lake?":"Because snowman is an island.",
"What do you call a snowman on rollerblades?":"A snowmobile.",
"What do snowmen eat for lunch?":"Ice-bergers.",
"And what do hungry snowmen put on their ice-burgers?":"Chilly sauce.",
"Where do snowmen put their webpages?":"On the winternet.",
"How do snowmen get around?":"They ride an icicle.",
"What did Jack Frost say to Frosty the Snowman?":"Have an ice day.",

Where do snowmen keep their money?

In a snow-bank.

Why was the snowman looking through the carrots?

He was picking his nose.

What happened when the snowwoman had an argument with the snowman?

She gave him the cold shoulder.

What did the snowman’s hat say to the scarf?

You hang around while I go on ahead.

Two snowmen were standing in a field.

One said, “Can you smell carrots?”

The second replied, “No, but I can taste coal.”

What do you say to a stressed snowman?

Chill out.

What do snowmen have for breakfast?

Frosties, Snowflakes or Ice Crispies.

What is a Snowman’s favorite drink?

Ice tea.

What happened when the icicle fell on the snowman’s head?

It knocked him out cold.

Where do snowmen go to dance?

Snowballs.

What do you call an old snowman?

Water.

What do snowmen call their offspring?

Chill-dren.

How do you know when there is a snowman in your bed?

You wake up wet.

What kind of money do snowmen use?

Iced lolly.

What sort of ball doesn’t bounce?

A snowball.

What did one snowman say to the other snowman?

You’re cool.

What’s a snowman’s favourite Mexican food?

Brrrrrr-itos.

What two letters of the alphabet do snowmen prefer?

I.C.

What does a snowman’s wife put on her face at night?

Cold cream.

Why did the snowman call his dog Frost?

Because Frost bites.

What does a snowman take when the sun gets too hot?

A chill pill.

Why did the snowman turn yellow?

Ask the little boy over there.

What did the police officer say when he say the snowman stealing?

Freeze!